hello how about very good guys
Welcome to this new gameplay of
Lego game of the hobbit in this video
We can learn to customize
characters to do this well we have
to go to the city of the lake
there we are going to leave this area
and we are already here, so now let's go
to come by this part and we enter by the
stable door
the guys are in the custom of
characters we are going to create
right now a character we are going to take
as a reference to this we have here
here we can change the color of the
pants
the type and style
and they have
the type of port that is going to have those that
they are in black here below
we can buy the tickets that is a
orc body
over here we have a gorilla body
we are going to come for this part here
we have a goblin body
OK so we're going to go buy all the
that we have in black color up
find the dragon body here what
we have but well let's continue
buying the others like that if then
we want to customize a character
we are going to know
what kind of body do we have out there now
we put on the dragon body and
We will continue to customize our
character we are going to put in the arms of
green color
and green hands too
and it was a totally green character
face let's put a micro face
mantel
and we change the green color for
example already know that you can
put him
the style that your characters want
make your imagination fly is bad in the
head so we can buy some
hats
and we have several that are in color
black
and I'm going to buy the dragon hat
but well let's buy all that
we have available there is not that either
cost a lot the truth
there is
over here we have another
and here we were missing 3
ok now we put on the hat
of dragons
Well now let's put a
name our character let's see
where can we do this
right here now let's put it on
dragon name
so we select
the right letters
to name our character
fox 'I put him dragon and I missed the n
there is a dragon
and then we're going to need this character
that's why I'm creating it that way with the
aspect of a dragon for boys
let's put ourselves with the character that
we create here we have it to the dragon
there is our character so good
guys will be the way to customize
a character you can do it like
want to select the houses that
more like them for their new
characters, good guys, we're going to
leave it here and I hope that I have
liked this gameplay like favorites and
I still subscribe if they are not
comment the videos and until next time